('GOOD MORNING MR ROCK'N'ROLL'
BY HEADBAND PLAYS)
Hey. Good timing.
Thank you.
# In my younger days.
I used to dig that rock'n'roll
# Gave me such a high
and really supercharged my soul
# Whoa. those good days are back
# Good morning. Mr Rock'n'Roll
You need to find
that sense of truth...
# The words were kinda silly but
the rhythm made you get up and jive
# We had Long Tall Sally
who used to make my body... #
Hi.
Can I have this one?
Yes. of course you can. That is $20.
Thank you so much.
Great. Another 20 bucks.
Markets like this
are how I got my start. Edward.
I'm not gonna turn my back
on the locals.
Yeah. maybe another few hours
and you might
make your stall hire back.
You don't have to be here.
Oh. you know why I'm here.
And I'm not leaving
until  want.
Then settle in. Edward.
Grab an apron.
As if.
Thought so.
Hi.
Hi!
Wow. these are gorgeous.
Thank you.
Which ones do you recommend?
Well. if you're not getting it
for your TikTok...
Uh. no.
..then I would just
go for the sample box.
OK. Mm. that sounds good.
I will be right back.
OK.
Honey?
Got any cash?
Come on.
Oh. shit!
OK. no-one in the car.
handbrake left off.
They're saying freak accident.
You just never know
when your time's up.
Some of us do.
Aunty Abundance Lovejoy said that
I'm gonna be ruling the rest home
well into my 90s.
If only that poor young woman had
had a tarot reading.
What difference
would that have made?
Well. she would have been
at the tarot tent
instead of in the path of that car.
Fair point.
Mm.
You OK. love?
Yeah. just...feeling this one
a little bit.
Can  am bloody glad
you forgot your wallet.
Mm.
Frankie Bolton. 30 years old.
owned a confectionery business.
Yeah. Krystal Kreations.
Yeah.
The owner of the car
had his keys with him
and was with his kid
on the bouncy castle.
He left the handbrake off?
He swears he didn't.
So. not a freak accident.
It was deliberate. Targeted.
Hold that thought.
The owner also reckons
this doesn't belong to him.
Hand sanitiser.
Clean-freak killer.
Well. it's quite common. actually.
Met a few in my time.
Hey! Wait up!
Hey. hey! Whoa. whoa!
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
You alright.
What are you - a cop?
Helping with the investigation.
I'm Frankie's boyfriend.
Oh. mate...
I'm so sorry for your loss.
Have you spoken to
Constable Haira yet?
Why?
Were you here when it happened?
Yeah. but I was getting a coffee.
Who the hell
would leave their handbrake off
at the top of a bank like that?
Well. it looks like it was
let off deliberately.
Hey? Who would do that?
Hoping you can help me with that.
Oh. shit.
That arsehole. That piece of shit.
OK. OK. Who? Tell me who.
Edward Handler.
Handler Business Coaching
and Brand Activation.
And co-owner of
a market stall selling candy.
Oh. it's more than that. honey.
They had stockists
all over the country. overseas.
She would do an Instagram drop.
and it would sell out in minutes.
Edward Handler
has a YouTube channel.
Business and life coaching bits.
These are gold.
Edward says if you want to
optimise your business.
you have to get up
at four in the morning.
Thank you. Hudson.
People actually watch this stuff?
He's got 200 subscribers.
200 people want to watch
this ding-dong shaving?
Well. Andrea's manky cat
had over 6.000.
If more people want to watch
Andrea's cat do cat things.
you really should give up.
So. the successful business coach.
not so successful.
Maybe IRL but not here.
Oh. wait. wait. wait. Guys. don't
you want to watch his gym workout?
His morning meditation?
Nice place.
Candy business must be booming.
It is.
So. you and Frankie Bolton...
Oh. we met at a networking event.
She was after some advice.
But you ended up more than
just her business coach.
I thought Krystal Kreations
might be a fun investment.
I was right.
Well. it's a gorgeous product.
Are you just an investor
or more hands-on?
Oh. no. hands all over it.
Accountant. Strategist.
Marketing expert.
But now I actually
don't have Frankie's recipe.
She was a flake.
Never wrote things down.
A flake?
I don't want to be callous.
but it is frustrating.
So. you and Frankie
were arguing that morning?
What was that about?
Why would you say we were arguing?
Her boyfriend told us.
Who? Oh. Rat Boy?
Bunny Basher?
Are you talking about Troy Shipton?
You know he shoots rabbits
for a living?
He's in pest control.
He kills things.
Come on. do the math.
Anyway. uh. Troy's...
Troy's not her boyfriend.
She kicked him out.
For the last two weeks. he's been
living in his van by the beach.
Oh.
On me.
Whoa!
That is a sugar hit.
Troy points the finger at Edward.
Edward points it back at Troy.
You know. if a pest control guy
wanted to get rid of someone.
wouldn't he just.
you know. poison them?
That is SO good.
Unless it was a spur of the moment
thing. like rejection or...anger.
What do you reckon?
I reckon we follow
the pointing fingers.
Ha!
G'day. Troy.
Pete Coleman. we met earlier today.
This is my wife. Vinny.
Hey.
What are you doing here?
We were gonna ask you
the same thing.
According to Edward Handler. you and
Frankie weren't together anymore.
Edward's full of it.
Oh. he also said that
you were living in your van.
and...you do appear to be...
living in your van.
Frankie and I were
giving each other space.
It didn't mean anything.
Do you still have a key
to Frankie's house?
Might be good for us to take a look.
No.
You're not going to Frankie's place.
Troy. I'm really sorry
you're having a rough time.
but we are trying to find an answer.
For Frankie. For you.
You sure you don't want to let us
in her house?
100% sure.
We've still got two men
accusing each other.
One who claims he loved Frankie
and his heart's broken.
The other one's worried she took
the recipe to the grave with her.
Well. I ran a check on Troy Shipton.
Oh. yeah? Anything?
Cannabis possession.
Eight months ago.
Not a huge amount.
just personal use.
But. as a result. he has had
his firearms licence revoked.
Well. that's not good for someone
in pest control.
Maybe that's what he and Frankie
were fighting about.
Her career's taking off.
He's just lost his job.
Possibly.
Well. he definitely didn't want us
anywhere near her house.
I've put in a request for a search
warrant. It'll take a day or two.
Plenty of time for Troy
to get in and remove evidence.
Jamie. maybe you should
go round there.
Once the warrant comes through.
Yeah...
Hey. hey. Vinny?
Let the man have a steak
on his night off.
Of course. Sorry. Sorry.
Who wants salad?
('EVERYTHGHT'
BY PRINCESS CHELSEA PLAYS)
# La. la-la-la. la-la
# My boy. he wrote
# My boy. he wrote to me
# My boy. he looked
# He looked at the stars
# La. la-la-la. la-la
# I feel scared
# My boy. he wrote
# My boy. he wrote to me
# Everything is going to be... #
Hi. honey.
Where are you?
Just. um. wanted to take
a sneaky peek at something.
You're at the victim's house.
aren't you?
I am standing in what looks like
a very glamourous meth lab.
Frankie was a cook.
Mm. Sugar.
Right. Different kind
of addictive substance.
Not the kind you'd usually
get killed for.
Mm. Alright. well.
get back here. alright?
Steaks are ready.
OK. see you soon.
Yep.
Bye.
Don't...move.
I'm Vinny Coleman.
I work with the police.
Let's put the weapon down.
You're not a cop.
Call Constable Jamie Haira.
I have his number.
He's having dinner
with my husband right now.
Why are you sneaking around
my neighbour's house?
You're Frankie's neighbour?
Can you put the knife down?
I was just getting my mail.
and I saw someone
moving around in here
and I thought. "That's not right."
So. you grabbed a knife?
Yeah. From...inside.
Why are you here?
Like I said.
I'm working with the police.
looking into Frankie's death.
A car ploughed into her.
It was in the paper.
You sure you're not
robbing the place?
Ellen. is it?
If you could just put the knife down.
then we can talk properly.
Oh...
Sorry.
Can you. um...
..can you tell me about
Frankie's partner. Troy?
I don't trust him.
Why's that?
Well. he's controlling.
Manipulative.
Two nights ago. there was a fight.
Two nights ago?
Troy said he hasn't been back here
for a couple of weeks.
No. lies. He couldn't stay away.
Did he drive that car into her?
I'm trying to figure that out.
How can I help?
Um...
..turn a blind eye
while I finish my little look-around.
Must be exciting.
Car chases. arresting people.
Oh. nasty.
It's times like this
I wish people composted.
What are you looking for
in the rubbish bin?
Never know
till you find it.
Looks like you HAVE found it.
Did Frankie mention
selling her business?
Oh. gosh. 1.2 million!
It's a big offer. except she's
just tossed the contract.
Mm. Maybe holding out for more.
Hmm. Um. thank you. Ellen.
Constable Haira will be back here
in a day or so.
Oh. you're so welcome. And...
I'm really sorry about the knife.
It's never a good idea to confront
an intruder like that.
Even if you're armed.
they could easily turn that on you.
Yeah. I...didn't think about that.
Should I give you my phone number
in case something else comes up?
Yes.
Just pop it in here.
Oh...
I'll text you mine.
I'm really glad you're doing
what you're doing.
'Cause someone needs to pay for
what happened to Frankie.
Agreed.
A seven-figure offer
from a big confectionery company
to buy Krystal Kreations.
and Frankie has screwed it up
and tossed it away.
Hmm.
Why?
Maybe that's what the argument
with Edward Handler was about.
Mm.
We need to talk to him again.
Well. according to
his morning routine videos.
he'll be up in about...
..huh. yeah. four and a half hours.
Well. that gives us plenty of time.
Oh...
Thought you'd be tired
after a long day.
I don't know. there's something
about being held at knifepoint
that really gets me going.
Whoa! Back it up.
Oh. um...Frankie's neighbour. Ellen.
thought someone was breaking in
and she grabbed a kitchen knife.
And...?
And... was.
she was very. very embarrassed.
Well. did you tell her
to call the police next time
instead of running around with a...
Of course.
And do I need to tell my wife
not to rush off by herself
into a dangerous...situations?
Mmm.
Ugh!
If we're not careful.
Maxine will end up wife number six
and we'll have Burnsie
permanently in unit three.
When is he leaving?
Where you guys off to?
Looks like the girl
who was killed at the market
was deliberately targeted.
Any idea...why?
Well. Vin found a strong lead.
Business partner had motive.
Oh. great.
I mean. uh...uh. well done.
Uh. but why don't you let Jamie
deal with all that?
You guys should take a holiday.
enjoy your retirement.
Retirement we never asked for.
you mean?
Do you guys want to vote for
employee of the month?
Well. you're the only
employee. Saffron.
So. easy decision. then.
Is that your cleaning trolley
down there?
Oh! Yeah. I was wondering
where that went to.
Seriously. Cole. have you been
to the South Island yet?
I hear it's beautiful.
especially this time of year.
We can't leave our motel. Burnsie.
Of all the crazy. weird decisions.
Morning.
Oh! Have I woken you up?
Your business coaching videos
say you get up at 4am every day.
What do you want now?
Oh. just to. um. ask about the
amazing offer you and Frankie had
for Krystal Kreations
and what you did when she said
she didn't want to sell.
No. I don't have to talk to you.
Well. he didn't want a yarn.
Did you get a read on him?
Dodgy as anything.
Oh.
Hey. should we. um...?
No.
Oh. come on.
Vin... No. we're not...
Just a teeny. tiny.
little warrantless search.
You are bad.
You love it.
Come on.
Could have done it with a card.
Window's easier.
Oh. honey. The good stuff.
Almost as if he's been...
Celebrating.
OK. what are we looking for?
Well. paper contract
would be...great.
It's probably on a computer. though.
Yeah. Here we go.
Ooh.
Probably gonna need a password.
Yep.
Um...winning?
No.
I love money.
I...love...money.
No.
Kandy with a K.
Like Krystal Kreations.
OK. good.
But. no.
Does he have a pet or something?
Hang on.
H-U-D-S-O-N.
Boom.
What? Hudson?
Yeah. The boyfriend from the videos.
Honey!
There it is. Top of the emails.
Huh!
Edward signed this deal selling the
candy business at 11pm last night.
Uh-huh.
He sold. Jamie -
the day after Frankie died.
So. he just let you take a photo
of his computer screen?
Not exactly.
It's fine.
The point is Edward benefited
from her death immensely.
So. how'd you get this picture?
Really. it doesn't matter.
You don't wanna know.
If you've broken in...
No.
No. no. there was a window open.
We can't use this as evidence.
No.
But you can go into
an interrogation with knowledge.
and that's what matters.
I'll bring Edward Handler in
for some questions.
Hey?
Shall we?
Frankie wasn't gonna sell. She just
paid for a commercial kitchen.
What if Edward wanted to sell?
She'd have told him
where to shove it.
Edward did this?
That's what you're saying?
So he could sell her business?
It's one theory. mate.
Don't do anything stupid.
Nothing stupid?
I'm gonna grab my rifle
and blow his head off.
Troy...
Right. what rifle?
He lost his firearm licence.
And I didn't see a gun
stashed in that van.
There's a gun safe
at Frankie's place.
Van's not here.
Can't have been that fast.
Shit. the door's open.
Oh. hell. he beat us here.
Edward's.
Hey. I've just been asked to go to
the police station for questioning.
Has Troy Shipton been here?
Why am I being treated
like a criminal?
Does he know where you live?
What is happening?
Vin!
Oi. dickhead!
Oh!
Oh. my God!
Well. that was unexpected.
And then he threw. honestly
seven eggs at my house and myself.
Well. that's assault. right?
It's wilful damage at best.
And not a serious enough offence
for police to investigate.
Well. my business partner is dead.
Is that not serious?
About that. it's come to
my attention
that you recently sold the business
you and Miss Bolton owned together.
Well...what's that got
to do with anything?
Can you tell me exactly
when you made that sale?
Was it around 32 hours
after Frankie was killed?
?
Edward. the ink isn't dry
on that deal.
OK. truth...truth is without
Frankie. the company's worthless.
I had to offload.
otherwise I'd lose my investment.
Look. there was $1 million
there for the taking.
Oh. now we're getting somewhere.
It's just good business.
Mate. if Frankie was still alive.
she wouldn't have signed that deal
and that money would not be
in your account.
I'm not sorry. He had it coming.
Well. I'm glad it was only eggs
and not bullets.
My rifle's at Frankie's place.
No. the gun safe is wide open.
I haven't been to Frankie's.
Not since she asked me to leave.
Come on. Troy. you were with her
two nights before she died?
No! She wanted space.
I gave it to her.
Ellen Bragg says
she heard you fighting.
Ellen from next door?
She also said that Frankie found you
possessive. controlling. jealous.
What the hell would Ellen know
about us?
Well. she is Frankie's neighbour
and her friend.
Frankie hated her!
That's not the impression I got.
Ellen's a miserable cow.
She complained to the council
about the new kitchen.
Said she hated the smell of sugar.
My girl was a beautiful human
who saw the good in everyone.
Not even she could find a thing
to like about...Ellen.
OK. Good. Bye.
I said thank you.
Yes. I did.
Yes. I...did.
Well. Cherie
from the council confirmed
that Ellen had made a whole lot
of complaints about Frankie.
About the Krystal Kandy lab?
And the rest.
Two noise-control call-outs
for music.
One complaint
about an overgrown tree.
Another complaint about a mattress
left on the side of the road.
Neighbours at war?
Ellen said they were friends.
See. I would say that too.
if I had just murdered someone
and a used-to-be cop
was asking me about it.
Neighbours at war spills
into murder?
Anything's possible.
Only one way to find out.
Cheers.
Can't wait to hear
what she's got to say.
Yes.
Good morning. Um. is Ellen home?
Oh. good. real estate agents.
Just what I want
on my front doorstep. Piss off.
Oh. no. no. no.
we're not real estate agents.
Um. can you let Ellen know
Vinny came past?
Get her to give me a call.
Why would I want to do that?
Please. just pass it on.
She's got my number.
No. I don't.
I've never met you before
in my life.
Hold on. Um...
You're Ellen?
No. she's not.
Uh. are you trying to be funny?
S-Sorry.
Is there...is there someone else
who lives here with the same name?
Goodbye.
Well. here's Ellen Bragg's
Facebook page.
Interests include racism.
homophobia and canaries.
OK. um. does she have a daughter
or someone else living with her?
Just give me a second... Ooh!
She's selling a VHS player.
I need a VHS player.
Firstly. w-why?
My new GF has a pile of tapes in her
wardrobe she won't talk about.
and I need to check that out.
Um. can we take another look
at the victim's socials?
Maybe 'Not Ellen'
is a friend of hers.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. just hold on.
Are you buying the VHS player?
Saffron. can that wait?
Charlie from the pub called.
Someone handed in my wallet.
Oh. What. you dropped it?
Apparently.
Any light shed on Ellen?
Can't believe she sucked me in.
whoever she is.
She was holding the mail
with her name on it.
Whoa! Ellen has actually posted
about scumbag kids nicking her mail.
OK. so...'Not Ellen' went to a bit
of effort to be someone she ain't.
And she was in Frankie's house. Why?
Uh. who's this?
Uh. the. uh...
the victim's neighbour.
Isn't actually the neighbour.
I got played.
Um. it happens.
What. um...
..what kind of woman was she?
She looked fairly normal.
Friendly enough.
Mm. Once put the knife down.
There is that.
Uh. Cole. um. you got a minute
for a...brief chat?
Yeah. yeah. when I'm back.
Won't be long.
Are you checking out or...?
It's me again. Uh. it'd be good
if you could return my calls.
Uh. I need to know
what you're up to.
Call me back.
Oi!
Shit!
What are you doing.
skulking around here?
Do you have to
follow me around everywhere?
Uh. I'm not decent.
No. you're not.
Uh. it's... I'm just. um...
I know what you're doing. Clayton.
You're running away.
Something's come up.
I've got to get the next bus.
What? So. you're not even gonna
say goodbye to Vanessa and Peter?
Maxine...
..it has been a pleasure
spending time with you.
I have to leave now.
Police business.
I was married to
my ex-husband. Barry. for 19 years.
Uh-huh.
I learned how to spot a liar.
And I'm looking at one right now.
Hey.
Ah! Thanks. Charlie.
Thank the person that found it.
God. it's good to see you. babe.
Sorry. I know
you don't like surprises.
Come on. Let's talk.
Bloody hell. You look so terrified.
Is that why you ran away
to New Zealand?
You thought my family
were gonna hurt you?
How long have you been here?
Uh. how did you get my wallet?
It was in that silly car
your wife drives.
Ellen...the neighbour.
Vinny's not what I was expecting.
Then. let's face it. I wasn't
expecting another woman at all.
The thing is. Pete.
I knew who you were.
And all that rubbish about not
screwing the boss's daughter.
waiting until we were married.
I thought. "This guy's a gentleman.
"Or he's a cop."
You never said anything
to your father...
No.
I covered for you.
Told my cousins you were
the best lover I ever had.
What do you want. Kat?
Why do you think
I didn't warn anyone?
I could have stopped it all.
The whole thing.
My brothers would be home.
They'd be free.
But you would have been incinerated.
You know that. And I...
..couldn't have that.
I loved you. Pete. Still do.
I was doing my job.
I've got business-class tickets
back to the Gold Coast.
A job. Kat. An assignment.
It may have started that way.
Listen...
..I chose you.
Even after everything you did to us.
love you.
Oh. Kat...
This is my life. I'm married.
This is not who you are. She's not...
You think you're stuck
with this existence.
But my family won't - they can't -
hurt you. Pete.
Come with me.
I'm sorry.
Vin!
Ah. Cole. uh. I was just
leaving you a note.
I've just seen Katriona Beckett.
Yeah. about that. I...
Don't tell me.
Mate. listen...
Don't you...
The hand sanitiser in the car.
Kat's a germaphobe.
And Vinny was at that stall!
What did you do?!
I never expected
that anyone would get killed.
That's what they do. that family!
Mate. Cole. she told me
that you were soul mates.
And you believed her?
She was very convincing.
Who am I to say...?
How much...?
How much did you
sell us out for this time?
We gotta get outta here.
Me and Vinny.
Vinny?! Vinny?!
Hey?!
Vinny?
Hey. Where's Vin?
She just got a text and boosted.
Something about a new lead.
Oh. shit.
Shit!
Vinny.
Hi. Thanks for coming.
Who are you?
'Cause you sure as hell not Ellen.
Come on in.
I'll tell you everything.
So. who are you?
You honestly don't know?
Well. I know you killed
Frankie Bolton.
Yeah. I did do that.
And I feel bad because. from what
I can tell. she was a nice person.
From what you can tell?
Are you a hired killer?
Well. I wouldn't be a very good one.
because ?
The reason Frankie died
is because
she was standing next to you.
I'm Katriona Beckett.
visiting from Queensland.
Oh. my God... Cole...
Don't panic. It's just me.
Dad and my brothers
can't exactly go anywhere.
OK. I'm gonna go now.
No. you're not.
I see you got into Troy's gun safe.
Well. I wasn't planning on
killing anyone. you see?
OK.
I know you want revenge.
but Cole was just doing his job.
It wasn't anything personal.
I don't want revenge.
I want Pete.
I don't think your husband's
been honest with you. Vinny.
About us.
Thanks for calling.
Please leave a message.
Vinny. hon. call me back
as soon as you get this.
Where's Kat staying?
I don't know. Cole.
Look. Vinny's gonna walk through
that door any minute.
She's got that shark instinct...
Stop talking.
OK.
Kat likes luxury.
It'll be somewhere...flash.
Saffron!
We need to find out
which Airbnbs and holiday rentals
are currently occupied.
Employee of the month
is on it. boss.
High-end ones first!
The day  was just
getting a feel for the place.
And then I saw you.
knew you existed.
Burnsie had said.
But...it was a shock.
seeing you with him in the flesh.
So.  did.
You were following me.
That's how you turned up
at Frankie's house.
Yeah. I was gonna knife you
then and there. but...
..I got curious.
What has Peter told you about me?
Uh. we had a 'no questions asked'
policy while he was on the operation.
Sure you did.
No. I wanted him to get the job done.
however he needed to integrate.
If he had to screw his way
into your family...
Oh. you're smart enough to know
how this works. Katriona?
Police wanted your family's
operation. their violence. to stop.
And Cole did that.
He stopped it.
I'm really proud of him.
So. these five are super-spendy.
And out of these five. these three
are unavailable for the weekend.
Not that one.
Only 4.7 for cleanliness.
Kat has a thing about germs.
OK. well. that leaves us with
the yurt and the one on the hill.
Who is Kat?
Show me the one on the hill.
Um...
Five-star rating for cleanliness.
Is there an address?
It's the only road up there.
You can't miss it.
Shit. where are the...?
Oh! Vinny took the T-bird.
Maxine. I need your keys.
Yeah.
OK. good. So. she's...
Wait. Cole. let me come with you.
Ugh!
Saffron. get this man's bill ready.
He's checking out.
OK!
This was my 40th.
I was so depressed that Pete
organised me a surprise party.
Pete and Dad. Dad loved him.
Refused to believe he was a cop.
Couldn't fathom it.
Our favourite restaurant.
Little road trip we did
to Byron Bay.
So. as you can see...
Cole's very. very good at his job.
Vinny!
Cole. no...
Oh. you found us.
You're right. He is good.
Cole...
Vin...
know.
It was work.
Look. I get it. Pete.
You didn't have a choice.
betraying my family. my dad. me.
But I'm offering you a way out.
OK.
So. let's talk.
Kat. we can talk...in private.
Vinny should go.
We can talk on the plane. Come home.
I am home.
What - living in a motel.
making beds. cleaning toilets.
No. Pete. that is not you.
You don't know me. Kat.
Pete...
..we leave here together.
or you stay here with her
and a bullet in her head.
Ooh. I can't believe
I was sleeping with the enemy.
Easily done.
Slim pickings around here.
Vanessa and Pete have been gone
for a while now. haven't they?
We could call Jamie.
We could call Sigourney Weaver.
The bosses around?
No. they're not Jamie.
And. quite frankly. I do not have
a good feeling about any of this.
Well. who are they with?
'Cause I've confirmed Troy's alibi.
Coffee cart guy
had his EFTPOS receipt.
What's up?
Well. you know the whole.
"Are they hiding?
Who are they hiding from?" thing.
There was this woman who was
pretending to be another woman.
And Clayton's picked up.
He's just...just boosted.
Straight after Cole
bopped him on the...
That was amazing. actually.
Best thing Cole's ever done.
Oh. shit.
The undercover thing.
Undercover.
I called it.
Burnsie's outed them again.
Again? Good God!
I should have
smacked him over myself.
Where are they?
The Airbnb on top of
Old Slipper Hill Highway.
Kat. please. stop. OK?
Walk away. Get on a plane. Go home.
We can forget everything.
Oh. like hell we can.
She killed Frankie Bolton.
Vin...
You murdered an innocent woman.
and you are not walking away
from that.
She's hilarious.
Kat. come on.
You don't want to do any of this.
No.  want it to be easier.
I already paid Burnsie
a lot of money to find you.
Corrupt prick.
This is taking too long.
Get outside.
Now!
Whoa. Kat!
Hey. Kat...
I can't shoot her here.
It's an Airbnb.
I'll get a bad review.
Move it.
It's OK.
Now!
OK.
Come on. Kat...
You don't want to do any of this.
I don't want to do this.
but she's ruining it.
Look. I know we had
some good times together.
and...and I don't blame you
for being born into this life.
But Vinny's not...
Just put the gun down.
He doesn't want me to shoot you
and. let's be honest. I don't want
it to become a thing between us.
So...be better if you just jump.
Do it!
Kat!
Kat. OK. For God's sake.
'll come.
Are you just saying that? Because
now I don't know what to believe.
Enough! I'll come!
This isn't you. Pete.
Kat...
Running a motel with a dull wife
and a boring marriage.
Cole... Surf's up.
Sometimes you can't say no.
Vinny!
Oh. my God.
Shit. she did it!
Aaah! Pete! Aah!
Aah!
Ohh...
What are these?
My marriage...is not that boring.
Are you OK? Are you injured?
Oh...
This is definitely not as soft
as it looked.
Bold move. Vinny.
Today's been the greatest.
Vin...
Tell me she hasn't gapped it.
No. I got her. cuffed up there.
Cuffed?
Yeah.
They were. uh. in Maxine's car.
Respect!
Yeah. Cool.
Hey.
You OK?
Yeah. I'm...OK.
Actually. I don't know...
I have some questions.
V've been thinking...
Mm.
Me. too.
I know we said 'no questions asked'.
but...whatever you want to know.
I don't need to know
anything else. Cole.
I know you love me.
You did what you had to do.
You know I was...
A gentleman.
And a cop.
Hmm.
I love you. Vin.
I know.
What I was gonna say is. um...
..do we have to leave?
Or is the next member of the Beckett
family gonna roll into town?
They're all in custody.
Which means...
..I mean. we...
we could go back to Sydney.
Mm-hm.
Do you want to?
I feel like
we're making a difference here.
Yeah.
It feels like home.
Plus. my sisters hate you
because they think
you ran out on me for 18 months.
Mm. And your sisters
are more terrifying than Kat.
Let's not even
talk about my mum.
So. we're staying.
Yeah.
Hmm.
Yeah. I reckon we are.
Home. then.
Home.
('HOME TO MY LADY'
BY THE FOURMYULA PLAYS)
# Home. home. home to my lady
# Oh. I got a need
# And I've gotta be there
# Home. home. home
# I'm going home
to the sweet. sweet love
# I'll get tonight from my lady
# When I get home.
the first thing I'm gonna do
# When I go through that door
and see my lady
Hmm.
# I'm gonna lay my head
in that warm bed... #
Well. you won't have got far
without that. eh?
# Oh. home. home. home to my lady
# Oh. I got a need
# And I gotta be there
# Home. home. home to my lady
# Oh. I got a need
# And I'm gonna be there
# Home. home. home
# I'm going home
to the sweet. sweet love
# I'll get tonight from my lady. #
Captions by Red Bee Media
Copyright Australian
Broadcasting Corporation